Add a messege that you will not be able to add run the exe file under Windows 8 (#521)
ThioJoe/YT-Spammer-Purge: README.md

## Installation

If using the python script version (not the exe), there is a requirements.txt with necessary modules. Created with Python 3.9.7

> The Windows .EXE version requires Windows 8 or above [(Why?)](https://pyinstaller.readthedocs.io/en/stable/requirements.html#windows). This can be fixed by installing Microsoft's "Universal C Runtime" for your system [here](https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/topic/update-for-universal-c-runtime-in-windows-c0514201-7fe6-95a3-b0a5-287930f3560c).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Windows .EXE version may not run on systems older than Windows 8 [(Why?)](https://pyinstaller.readthedocs.io/en/stable/requirements.html#windows). This can be fixed by installing Microsoft's "Universal C Runtime" for your system [here](https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/topic/update-for-universal-c-runtime-in-windows-c0514201-7fe6-95a3-b0a5-287930f3560c).
```
Just to match the "This can be fixed"

Author: Yeah, also for some computers it may run?

Reviewer: I think so, if they have the update installed

Author: Yeah, so it doesnt make sense to say "requires Windows 8 or above" anyway.

> The Windows .EXE version requires Windows 8 or above [(Why?)](https://pyinstaller.readthedocs.io/en/stable/requirements.html#windows). A resolution to this can be fixed by downloading the latest driver, for some computers located [here](https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/topic/update-for-universal-c-runtime-in-windows-c0514201-7fe6-95a3-b0a5-287930f3560c).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Windows .EXE version requires Windows 8 or above [(Why?)](https://pyinstaller.readthedocs.io/en/stable/requirements.html#windows). This can be fixed by installing Microsoft's "Universal C Runtime" for your system [here](https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/topic/update-for-universal-c-runtime-in-windows-c0514201-7fe6-95a3-b0a5-287930f3560c).
```
ucrt is not a driver

> If your using the exe version (not the python script) on a Windows computer, under Windows 8, you will not be able to run the exe version because dll (a component of this project) was only added in Windows 8 and above. Although, the Python Script should work fine, incase of any issues, feel free to report bugs [here](https://github.com/ThioJoe/YT-Spammer-Purge/issues/new/choose) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Windows exe version requires Windows 8 or above [due of the packaging app used](https://pyinstaller.readthedocs.io/en/stable/requirements.html#windows)
```

Author: @EthanHindmarsh I dont think @ThioJoe can add this requirement in all releases, users are required to read README so yeah, if they dont and they wonder what the error is, its their fault xD

Author: On second thought,  I dont even think Why is required, but let ThioJoe decide on that, leaving it in for now.
